Description:

  Selenium RC (Remote Control) is  a portable software testing framework, which allows to write automated test for
  a web application, in a programming language so as Java, Python, Ruby, Perl, .NET and PHP. Unlike ordinary Selenium IDE,
  which enabled to carry the test out, only on the Firefox web browser, in Selenium RC is possible to choose diffrent web 
  browsers.
  
  Selenium RC include two componemts:
  - the Selenium Server which automatically launches and kills browsers, and acts as a HTTP proxy for web requests 
    from them.
  - Client libraries which provide the interface beetwen each programming language and the Selenium RC Server.
  
Installation:
  The Selenium RC server is simply a Java jar file (selenium-server-standalone-<version-number>.jar), which doesn’t 
  require any special installation. It will be sufficient to take the file down from the site Selenium: 
    http://docs.seleniumhq.org/download/ 
  and to save him in the specific directory.
  
Use:
  Before starting any tests, at first we must start the server. For that purpose earlier he must be installed the latest
  Java JRE on the system. Next open up a command prompt and go to the directory where file Selenium RC server is located.
  Write the following from a command-line console:
    java -jar selenium-server-standalone-<version-number>.jar
  Now when Selenium Server is acting, open the program in which you will be writing tests. For example an exerciser
  in Java, must start from the following line of the code:
    selenium = new DefaultSelenium(serverHost, serverPort, strBrowser, strURL);
  which will enable the follow-up work.
  
  serverHost - it is charakter string which are describing on which host in our computer Selenium RC will be acting,
               it is usually host string as "localhost".
  serverPort - it is the number port on computer on which Selenium Server runs, it is usually port number as 4444.
  strBrowser - it is charakter string which are describing on what web browser there will be starter tests. We can choose:
    "*firefox"
    "*iexplore"
    "*googlechrome"
    "*safari"
    and other.
  strURL - it is charakter string which are describing the starting page from which tests will begin,
           for example "http://www.google.pl"
